Title: Signs of Life
Date: 2013-11-18
Author: Brian

------
It's been a long time since I posted anything about the status of Menuwatch. I've still been working on the app in my free time, and I'm hoping to get it out sometime during around Winter Break. Here's the state of things:

####What Works
- Menuwatch has a beautiful splash page with amusing CSS animations that I spent far too long coding for how many devices support them.
- The sign-up page, while currently blocked with a "be patient!"-gate, can create a new used and send them an email with a confirmation link.
- The account page allows you to view all of your watches, and remove them if you wish. It displays options for modifying the two settings provided to users: email frequency and location. Account deletion and password changes (though not resets) are supported.
- You can give me money! Account upgrades are tested and working, using Stripe as the payment processor.
- The basic food view, which lists the thirty next upcoming foods, works (although the upcoming dates are wrong).
- The popularity food view allows you to see which foods are watched by the most people.
- The search view allows you to do an exact-text search for a food you like. 
- All food views allow addition and deletion of watches over AJAX, with an animation indicating progress to be displayed over slow connections.
- Most of the functionality available on the account and food pages works via an API that may or may not be a teapot.
- Menu acquisition runs nightly, and is fairly resistant to errors caused by mis-formatting by Dining employees. Issues exist here with the task that moves upcoming foods to past foods once their date passes.


####What Doesn't
- Mobile support is iffy. The worst of it is the table for foods, which just plain isn't responsive. Bootstrap may have developed a solution for this since 3.0 went out of beta, or I may just be using it wrong.
- People get alerts for foods they're not watching. Outbound email has been disabled for the greater part of a month while I try to find time to search for the cause of the issue.
- Past foods don't always "pop." A certain number of foods on the *n*th of the month will still show up as upcoming when it becomes the *n+1*th of the month. I believe this bug is related to transactions in Postgres, and I've been playing with Django's manual commit and rollback abilities to try to fix it with little success.
- The 'recent' foods page doesn't work. At all.


####As always
Menuwatch is looking for beta testers. You'll get a free pro account, and if I ever order branded #swag, you'll get some of that for free, too. Email [mailto:bjacobel@gmail.com](me), DM [http://twitter.com/bjacobel](@bjacobel), [http://twitter.com/menuwatdotch](@menuwatdotch), or submit a pull request, you brave soul.




 