Title: Final Stretch
Date: 2014-01-16
Author: Brian

------
I've spent the last few days doing a huge amount of bugfixing, testing and redesigning, and I'm happy to (optimistically and non-bindingly) announce that Menuwatch will be going live at the start of the semester. Here's what I've been working on:

####Unit testing
Throughout its development and beta phase, a couple of weird bugs have cropped up in Menuwatch that I could never reproduce when I had time to fix them. To solve this, I wrote unit tests to fully cover Menuwatch's API views and scraper and mailer tasks. I was able to find the source of a bug where a food would persist as "upcoming" even though it's next day was in the past, and (I think) eliminate (though I'm still not sure of the source of) a bug where users would get emails about foods they didn't watch.

####Mobilization
Two components of Menuwatch were quite broken on mobile devices: the app's top menubar and the main food table. To solve the menubar issue, I used a media query to hide the normal menu bar on small screens and [jQuery BigSlide](http://ascott1.github.io/bigSlide.js/) to create a new "hamburger menu" better fit to mobile devices. I'm still working on mobilizing the food table.

####Auth
I spent quite a bit of time beefing up the login and signup screens, most notably building a way for users to reset their passwords if they're locked out. My homegrown solution involves changing the user's password briefly to a 32-character random string, sending them an email with a link that holds their email and that new password as GET data, logging them in with that random password, then forcing them to set a new password. It would probably be a bit more secure if I set a time limit on how long the random password worked for, but security isn't a primary concern.

####Regrets
I really wanted to switch Menuwatch over to using Sass, as I've been using it on [another project](https://github.com/bjacobel/bonus) and it's pretty great. However, the combination of `contrib.staticfiles` (with S3 as a backend), `django-compressor`, getting Heroku to let me run the sass executable and finding a way to run it seamlessly in both dev and prod was too difficult. If anybody has figured this out, please tell me or point me to a post - I'd still love to know how to do it.



 